Most doc and helm values are Auth0 specific, make it more generic + … (#438)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/validator_operator/validator_helm.rst

OIDC_AUTHORITY_LEDGER_API_AUDIENCE The optional audience of your choice for Ledger API. e.g. ``https://ledger_api.example.com``
VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID                The client id of the Auth0 app for the validator app backend
VALIDATOR_CLIENT_SECRET            The client secret of the Auth0 app for the validator app backend

> VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          Same as VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (with ``@clients`` suffix for Auth0 only)

Author: Well, it works that way with Okta. The "@clients" suffix is 100% Auth0 specific

> VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          Same as VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (with ``@clients`` suffix for Auth0 only)

Author: Well, the issue is that don't know how to phrase that better. And I don't know changes required by KeyCloack/EntraId/others. Could be good to have input on what people using them had to change

> VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          Same as VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (with ``@clients`` suffix for Auth0 only)

Reviewer: My input above is from our experience (we use keycloak). The case where client id and user id match is implementation specific, the comment saying this would be misleading

> VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          Same as VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (with ``@clients`` suffix for Auth0 only)

Author: @giner what would you put instead ? 
that it is a CLIENT_ID (and with Auth0, they end by @clients) ?
That's it is an OIDC sub ?

> VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          Same as VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (with ``@clients`` suffix for Auth0 only)

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          ID of the user associated with the client VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (value of `sub` in the access token)
```

> VALIDATOR_LEDGER_API_USER          Same as VALIDATOR_CLIENT_ID (with ``@clients`` suffix for Auth0 only)

Reviewer 2: I agree with Stas concerns and the suggestion makes sense to me.
